Translation corrections (#335)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kake_078.txt

			NULL, "\"...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s20/00/vtk2_kenqa2004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "確かに、それもひとつの方法とは言えるでしょう。",

> 			NULL, " Indeed, you could call that one way.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Indeed, you could say that's one way to do it.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
